Documentation about async events (#2332)
Exiled-Team/EXILED: docs/docs/Plugins/Events.md

{
    Log.Info(ev.Player.Nickname + " has just been enraged!");
}
```

## Async events

> Async events allows you to integrate coroutines and events functionalities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Async events allow you to seamlessly integrate coroutines and event functionalities.
You can find more information about MEC coroutines [here](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED#mec-coroutines)._
```

> More info about MEC coroutines can be found [here](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED#mec-coroutines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
